[Music]
[Music] now it happened when Saul had returned
now it happened when Saul had returned
now it happened when Saul had returned from following the Philistines that it
from following the Philistines that it
from following the Philistines that it was told him take note David is in the
was told him take note David is in the
was told him take note David is in the wilderness of Engedi
then Saul took 3,000 chosen men from all
then Saul took 3,000 chosen men from all Israel and went to seek David and his
Israel and went to seek David and his
Israel and went to seek David and his men on the rocks of the wild goats so he
men on the rocks of the wild goats so he
men on the rocks of the wild goats so he came to the sheepfolds by the road where
came to the sheepfolds by the road where
came to the sheepfolds by the road where there was a cave and saul went in to
there was a cave and saul went in to
there was a cave and saul went in to attend to his needs David and his men
attend to his needs David and his men
attend to his needs David and his men was staying in the recesses of the cave
was staying in the recesses of the cave
was staying in the recesses of the cave then the man of David said to him this
then the man of David said to him this
then the man of David said to him this is the day of which the Lord said to you
is the day of which the Lord said to you
is the day of which the Lord said to you behold I will deliver your enemy into
behold I will deliver your enemy into
behold I will deliver your enemy into your hand that you may do to him as it
your hand that you may do to him as it
your hand that you may do to him as it seems good to you and David arose and
seems good to you and David arose and
seems good to you and David arose and secretly cut off a corner of Saul's robe
secretly cut off a corner of Saul's robe
secretly cut off a corner of Saul's robe now it happened afterward that David's
now it happened afterward that David's
now it happened afterward that David's heart troubled him because he had cut
heart troubled him because he had cut
heart troubled him because he had cut Saul's robe and he said to his men the
Saul's robe and he said to his men the
Saul's robe and he said to his men the Lord forbid that I should do this thing
Lord forbid that I should do this thing
Lord forbid that I should do this thing to my master the Lord's anointed to
to my master the Lord's anointed to
to my master the Lord's anointed to stretch out my hand against him seeing
stretch out my hand against him seeing
stretch out my hand against him seeing he is the anointed of the Lord
he is the anointed of the Lord
he is the anointed of the Lord so David restrained his servants with
so David restrained his servants with
so David restrained his servants with these words and did not allow them to
these words and did not allow them to
these words and did not allow them to rise against Saul and Saul got up from
rise against Saul and Saul got up from
rise against Saul and Saul got up from the cave and went on his way
the cave and went on his way
the cave and went on his way [Music]
[Music]
[Music] David also arose afterward went out of
David also arose afterward went out of
David also arose afterward went out of the cave and called out to Saul my lord
the cave and called out to Saul my lord
the cave and called out to Saul my lord the King and when Saul looked behind him
the King and when Saul looked behind him
the King and when Saul looked behind him David stooped with his face to the earth
David stooped with his face to the earth
David stooped with his face to the earth and bowed down why do you listen to the
and bowed down why do you listen to the
and bowed down why do you listen to the words of men who would say indeed David
words of men who would say indeed David
words of men who would say indeed David seeks your harm look this day your eyes
seeks your harm look this day your eyes
seeks your harm look this day your eyes have seen that the Lord delivered you
have seen that the Lord delivered you
have seen that the Lord delivered you today into my hand in the cave and
today into my hand in the cave and
today into my hand in the cave and someone urged me to kill you but my I
someone urged me to kill you but my I
someone urged me to kill you but my I spared you and I said I will not stretch
spared you and I said I will not stretch
spared you and I said I will not stretch out my hand against my Lord for he is
out my hand against my Lord for he is
out my hand against my Lord for he is the Lord's anointed moreover my father
the Lord's anointed moreover my father
the Lord's anointed moreover my father see yes see the corner of your robe in
see yes see the corner of your robe in
see yes see the corner of your robe in my hand for in that I cut off the corner
my hand for in that I cut off the corner
my hand for in that I cut off the corner of your robe and did not kill you no and
of your robe and did not kill you no and
of your robe and did not kill you no and see that there is neither evil nor
see that there is neither evil nor
see that there is neither evil nor rebellion in my hand and I have not
rebellion in my hand and I have not
rebellion in my hand and I have not sinned against you yet you hunt of my
sinned against you yet you hunt of my
sinned against you yet you hunt of my life to take it
life to take it
life to take it let the Lord judge between you and me
let the Lord judge between you and me
let the Lord judge between you and me and let the Lord avenge me on you but my
and let the Lord avenge me on you but my
and let the Lord avenge me on you but my hand shall not be against you as the
hand shall not be against you as the
hand shall not be against you as the proverb of the Ancients says wickedness
proverb of the Ancients says wickedness
proverb of the Ancients says wickedness proceeds from the wicked but my hand
proceeds from the wicked but my hand
proceeds from the wicked but my hand shall not be against you after whom as
shall not be against you after whom as
shall not be against you after whom as the king of Israel come out whom do you
the king of Israel come out whom do you
the king of Israel come out whom do you pursue a dead dog a flea therefore let
pursue a dead dog a flea therefore let
pursue a dead dog a flea therefore let the Lord be judged and judged between
the Lord be judged and judged between
the Lord be judged and judged between you and me and see and plead my case and
you and me and see and plead my case and
you and me and see and plead my case and deliver me out of your hand so it was
deliver me out of your hand so it was
deliver me out of your hand so it was when David had finished speaking these
when David had finished speaking these
when David had finished speaking these words to Saul that saul said is this
words to Saul that saul said is this
words to Saul that saul said is this your voice my son
your voice my son
your voice my son even and soul lifted up his voice and
even and soul lifted up his voice and
even and soul lifted up his voice and wept oh you are more righteous than I
wept oh you are more righteous than I
wept oh you are more righteous than I for you have rewarded me with good well
for you have rewarded me with good well
for you have rewarded me with good well as I have rewarded you with evil and you
as I have rewarded you with evil and you
as I have rewarded you with evil and you have shown this day how you have dealt
have shown this day how you have dealt
have shown this day how you have dealt well with me when the Lord delivered me
well with me when the Lord delivered me
well with me when the Lord delivered me into your hand you did not kill me but
into your hand you did not kill me but
into your hand you did not kill me but if a man finds his enemy will he let him
if a man finds his enemy will he let him
if a man finds his enemy will he let him get away safely therefore may the Lord
get away safely therefore may the Lord
get away safely therefore may the Lord reward you with good for what you have
reward you with good for what you have
reward you with good for what you have done to me this day and now I know
done to me this day and now I know
done to me this day and now I know indeed that you shall surely be king and
indeed that you shall surely be king and
indeed that you shall surely be king and that the kingdom of Israel shall be
that the kingdom of Israel shall be
that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in your hand
established in your hand
established in your hand therefore swear now to me by the Lord
therefore swear now to me by the Lord
therefore swear now to me by the Lord that you will not cut off my descendants
that you will not cut off my descendants
that you will not cut off my descendants after me and that you will not destroy
after me and that you will not destroy
after me and that you will not destroy my name from my father's house so David
my name from my father's house so David
my name from my father's house so David swore to Saul and Saul went home but
swore to Saul and Saul went home but
swore to Saul and Saul went home but David and his men went up to the
David and his men went up to the
David and his men went up to the stronger
stronger
stronger [Music]